you are afraid of muskegon hanks what
frightens you what are you exactly
afraid of I'm fearless I live there I
grew up there I had my first kiss there
and now after a brief five years at
Michigan State University go green I'm
back there living working and playing in
this place that they call the city of
friendly people to see I know the secret
about Muskegon hikes for me it's my
secret place my secret garden very
similar to the little girl the little
orphan girl who finds this abandoned
secret garden she goes in and she
explores and even though it's abandoned
she can see that somewhere in the past
this garden had beautiful roses and
calla lilies everywhere she thought wow
this place must have been beautiful so
she begins to pull back some dirt and
move around some leaves and dig up some
weeds and she sticks her fingers in the
ground and she finds out that something
about this garden is still alive
something about this place is very much
alive and it breathes just as much as
you and I do and that's the secret this
place is not dead but it is alive and
likewise is the city of Muskegon hikes
see I am young so I've heard the stories
about the Strand theater this ninety
eight year old beautiful building where
people paid fifty cents to watch old
black and white movies or little kung
food or the
saturday night spit in downtown Muskegon
Heights the place to be you weren't
there you probably weren't that popular
and let's not forget about tiger pride
and what it means to be Tigers and the
building that produced greatness see
when I left Muskegon hikes and went to
miss you I kept my ear back at that
secret place and I found out that my
city's walls were crumbling down I read
the stories of water filtration plants
and deficits and shootings and I come
home to find these once beautiful
buildings boarded up find shootings in
muskegon hikes violent sneaking through
the back door and finances that are
plummeting a stressed government fear of
a state takeover an emergency managers
that's what I found when I came home and
let's not forget a school system that
began miss educating little boys and
girls but for me I pull back the grass
and I move the leaves I plug up some
weeds and I found out that there still
something growing here that there's
still something very alive here when you
pull back those weeds you find that you
have a while expression on your face
you're a little surprised about this
secret because the truth is that there
is hope in this garden thus keegan hikes
is filled with creativity and turning
nothing into something it has that
history of activism that transformed the
ski kinky it
as music it has legends like mr. Robert
Moore it has traditions and culture see
that's the secret that I know so it
takes a little work now that you've got
the secret garden but it needs pruning
and it needs things that will cut back
so that it can grow back stronger and
everybody has to chip in when we start
cleaning up and against all odds I
believe this place will persevere
because isn't it true that this place is
one of the only places in Michigan that
can be on the brink of a school district
closing but still being alive and a city
government that goes from a negative 5
fund balance to 1.6 million so isn't the
truth that just like the city of
Muskegon hikes you and I have
experienced trials and sudden changes
that alter our lives but don't we find a
way to persevere and don't we reinvent
who we are because the odds are we're
going to be stronger and better than we
ever were before so now that you know my
secret I will see you in Muskegon hikes
and I dare you to be fearless thank you